hi so today we're going to make some
Valentine's Day gift bags what you need
to start with is you need a nice paper
gift bag like this one with some nice
sturdy handles any color you choose next
you want to pick out some fabric like
this this is good because it has red in
it for Valentine's Day it's a nice
country print it's not your traditional
heart pattern all over it and it's got
the blue in it which will means it will
work well for men or women and the nice
little X's make cute little kisses next
what you want to do is make sure that
you cut a nice size fabric swatch from
your fabric that you've picked out and
you want to hold it as many times as
you'd like the more times you fold it
the more hearts you'll get out of it
depending on what size hearts you decide
to cut you want to make sure that you
cut along the folded side not the open
edges you want to make get some nice
sturdy fabrics those are bad little
sharp to cut out your heart then you
want to start with the top of the heart
and we're only going to cut half the
heart and cut it to whatever desired
size that you'd like this time I'm going
to make some really small little hearts
and cut all the way down to the folded
edge set your excess fabric off to the
side unfold the hearts that you've cut
and done you have hearts and i have
several to work with because I folded it
over several times as you can see and
you can make all different sized hearts
like this one some different shape
hearts some that are skinnier some that
are more rounded and wider cut all
different sizes so you have different
ones to work with now you can take that
excess fabric that you had and unfold it
and cut it apart into individual
sections so that it looks like this and
you can also use this on your bag we
don't want to waste any fabric
if possible and you can put it on a bag
like this and what's nice is about this
is that the fabric acts as a border and
the color of the bag actually ends up
being the heart and you can write or
stamp a nice little thing on the heart
if you'd like so set that aside pick out
your hearts whatever you want to work
with and get some nice tacky glue like
this one it's a little thicker so it
won't seep through the fabric as much
and you just want to put the glue right
along the edges of your fabric heart
once you're done applying the glue grab
your paper bag and stick your heart on
the bag and press it down in whatever
desired position you'd like set it aside
to dry and you could end up with a nice
bag like this now this isn't all that
we're going to do to this bag in the
next video you'll see how we're going to
make this look a little more little
nicer and a little fancier